Update release notes and library guide for oneDPL 2021.6 release (#412)
oneapi-src/oneDPL: documentation/release_notes.rst

and provides high-productivity APIs aimed to minimize programming efforts of C++ developers
creating efficient heterogeneous applications.

New in 2021.6
=============

New Features
------------
- Added a new implementation for ``par`` and ``par_unseq`` execution policies based on OpenMP* 4.5 pragmas.

>   It can be enabled with the ``ONEDPL_USE_OPENMP_BACKEND`` macro. For more details, see `the Macros`_ page.

Reviewer: Probably "see \_the Macros page\_ in the library guide" (because I think that release notes are a separate document, not a part of the guide)

Author: Added the mention of the library guide

> - Added the range-based version of the ``reduce_by_segment`` algorithm and improved performance of
>   the iterator-based ``reduce_by_segment`` APIs. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added the range-based variation of the ``reduce_by_segment`` algorithm and improved performance of
  the iterator-based ``reduce_by_segment`` variations. 
```

Author: In previous release notes we used "version" for range-based algorithms. Does this change apply only to this note? If it should be added retrospectively, I'd prefer keeping "version" for consistency.

Reviewer: Let's keep it then, it's not critical

and provides high-productivity APIs aimed to minimize programming efforts of C++ developers
creating efficient heterogeneous applications.

New in 2021.6
=============

New Features
------------
- Added one more thread parallel backend. It is based on OpenMP 5.0. To enable the OpenMP backend, please define macro ``ONEDPL_USE_OPENMP_BACKEND`` into 1.
- Added the range-based version of the ``reduce_by_segment`` algorithm and improved performance of the iterator-based ``reduce_by_segment`` APIs. 
  Please note that the use of the ``reduce_by_segment`` algorithms requires C++17.
- Added the serial-based versions of the following algorithms: ``all_of``, ``any_of``, 
  ``none_of``, ``count``, ``count_if``, ``for_each``, ``find``, ``find_if``, ``find_if_not``.

>   For the detailed list, please refer to `Tested Standard C++ API Reference`_. 

Reviewer: This is identical to a note for 2021.5 release

Author: Thanks for noticing! Fixed

Fixed Issues
------------
- Fixed hangs and errors when oneDPL is used together with oneMKL in DPC++ programs.
- Fixed possible data races in the following algorithms used with DPC++ execution policies: ``sort``, ``stable_sort``, ``partial_sort``,``nth_element``.
- Fixed ``param_type`` API of random number distributions to satisfy C++ ``RandomNumberDistribution`` named requirement.

>   Please note that the changes may cause API/ABI backward compatibility issues in cases when ``param_type`` is explicitly used.

Reviewer: I'd change to "... to satisfy C++ standard requirements".

Also, the warning is not very visible. Can we use `.. note::` or even `.. caution::` here? Alternatively we can move the whole note a special subsection for "Changes affecting backward compatibility". And I would change the wording to "The new definitions of param_type are not compatible with incorrect definitions in previous library versions. Recompilation is recommended for all codes that might use param_type"

Author: Moved the whole note to a subsection "Changes affecting backward compatibility" and changed the last sentence to "The new definitions of param_type are not compatible with incorrect definitions in previous library versions. Recompilation is recommended for all codes that might use param_type"

Known Issues and Limitations
----------------------------
- No new issues in this release.

Existing Issues
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

> Description of several issues was moved to :ref:`known_issues` section of oneDPL Library Guide. 

Author: If we put absolute path we have to support 2 versions as the path is different for open source and intel dot com versions

> Description of several issues was moved to :ref:`known_issues` section of oneDPL Library Guide. 

Author: Thanks, done

> - The implementation does not yet provide ``namespace oneapi::std`` as defined in `the oneDPL Specification`_.

Author: Removed

- ``std::tuple``, ``std::pair`` cannot be used with SYCL buffers to transfer data between host and device.
- When used within DPC++ kernels or transferred to/from a device, ``std::array`` can only hold objects

>   whose type meets DPC++ requirements for use in kernels and for data transfer, respectively.

Author: I've changed the note to " When used within DPC++ kernels or transferred to/from a device, a container class can only hold objects whose type meets DPC++ requirements for use in kernels and for data transfer, respectively."
Does this sound correct?

and provides high-productivity APIs aimed to minimize programming efforts of C++ developers
creating efficient heterogeneous applications.

New in 2021.6
=============

New Features
------------

> - Added one more thread parallel backend. It is based on OpenMP 5.0. To enable the OpenMP backend, please define macro ``ONEDPL_USE_OPENMP_BACKEND`` into 1.

Reviewer 2: I believe it should be OpenMP* 4.5

Reviewer: "Added a new implementation for ``par`` and ``par_unseq`` execution policies based on OpenMP 4.5 pragmas. It can be enabled with the ``ONEDPL_USE_OPENMP_BACKEND`` macro. For more details, see \<a link to the library guide\>"

Author: Added requested changes

> - Added the range-based version of the ``reduce_by_segment`` algorithm and improved performance of the iterator-based ``reduce_by_segment`` APIs. 

Reviewer: It seems this line is too long and should be split.

Author: Done

>   Please note that the use of the ``reduce_by_segment`` algorithms requires C++17.

Reviewer 2: algorithms requires C++17 > algorithm requires C++17, without "s"

- Added the serial-based versions of the following algorithms: ``for_each_n``, ``copy``,
  ``copy_backward``, ``copy_if``, ``copy_n``, ``is_permutation``, ``fill``, ``fill_n``, ``move``, ``move_backward``.

>   For the detailed list, please refer to `Tested Standard C++ API Reference`_. 

Author: Done

Changes affecting backward compatibility
----------------------------------------
- Fixed ``param_type`` API of random number distributions to satisfy C++ standard requirements.

>   The new definitions of param_type are not compatible with incorrect definitions in previous library versions.

Reviewer 2: param_type -> \`\`param_type\`\`

Author: Done

  Recompilation is recommended for all codes that might use param_type

Fixed Issues
------------
- Fixed hangs and errors when oneDPL is used together with oneMKL in DPC++ programs.

> - Fixed possible data races in the following algorithms used with DPC++ execution policies: ``sort``, ``stable_sort``, ``partial_sort``, ``nth_element``.

Author: Done

Known Issues and Limitations
----------------------------
- No new issues in this release.

Existing Issues
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

> Description of several issues was moved to `Known Limitations`_ section of oneDPL Library Guide. 

Author: Added link and made the naming consistent

> Description of several issues was moved to `Known Limitations`_ section of oneDPL Library Guide. 

Reviewer 3: I am a bit confused with "oneDPL Library Guide", because DPL acronym already has "Library" in it. Would it be better to write "oneAPI DPC++ Library (oneDPL) Guide" or even "DPC++ Library (oneDPL) Guide"?

> Description of several issues was moved to `Known Limitations`_ section of oneDPL Library Guide. 

Reviewer: Maybe we should consult with the infodev team what's most appropriate.

> Description of several issues was moved to `Known Limitations`_ section of oneDPL Library Guide. 

Author: Good catch, Dmitriy. Let me clarify this question. I think, this change is not blocking this PR. I guess I can do it separately after some clarification.

  ``none_of``, ``count``, ``count_if``, ``for_each``, ``find``, ``find_if``, ``find_if_not``.
  For the detailed list, please refer to `Tested Standard C++ API Reference`_. 

Fixed Issues
------------
- Fixed hangs and errors when oneDPL is used together with oneMKL in DPC++ programs.
- Fixed possible data races in the following algorithms used with DPC++ execution policies: ``sort``, ``stable_sort``, ``partial_sort``,``nth_element``.
- Fixed ``param_type`` API of random number distributions to satisfy C++ ``RandomNumberDistribution`` named requirement.
  Please note that the changes may cause API/ABI backward compatibility issues in cases when ``param_type`` is explicitly used.

Known Issues and Limitations
----------------------------
- No new issues in this release. 

Existing Issues
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
- The definition of lambda functions used with parallel algorithms should not depend on preprocessor macros
  that makes it different for the host and the device. Otherwise, the behavior is undefined.
- ``exclusive_scan`` and ``transform_exclusive_scan`` algorithms may provide wrong results with vector execution policies
  when building a program with GCC 10 and using -O0 option.

> - Some algorithms may hang when a program is built with -O0 option, executed on GPU devices and large number of elements is to be processed.

Reviewer 3: I was not able to reproduce the hang with the latest Intel(R) Graphics Compute Runtime and Intel® oneAPI DPC++/C++ Compiler. I suggest removing the note as not relevant one.

```suggestion
```

.. _`the oneDPL Specification`: https://spec.oneapi.com/versions/latest/elements/oneDPL/source/index.html
.. _`the oneDPL User Guide`: https://software.intel.com/content/www/us/en/develop/documentation/oneapi-dpcpp-library-guide/top.html
.. _`Intel® oneAPI Threading Building Blocks (oneTBB) Release Notes`: https://software.intel.com/content/www/us/en/develop/articles/intel-oneapi-threading-building-blocks-release-notes.html

> .. _`Tested Standard C++ API Reference`: https://github.com/oneapi-src/oneDPL/blob/release/2021.6/documentation/library_guide/api_for_dpcpp_kernels/tested_standard_cpp_api.rst#tested-standard-c-api-reference

Author: Changed the link to the permanent.
